feat: Add initialValues prop for sign in/up to docs (#307)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/account-portal/direct-links.mdx

  alt="Account Portal redirects"
/>

</Steps>

> ## Prefill sign in and sign up fields

Reviewer: Can we add an example of how to use one of these query parameters

Reviewer: @desiprisg

> In the case of direct links, the values to be used for prefilling the fields for sign in/up can be specified via the following query parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of direct links, the values to be used for pre-filling the fields for sign-in or sign-up can be specified via the following query parameters:
```

Reviewer: you're right I just checked the dictionary!! I apologize, I was following my silly autocorrect.
